That's how you talk to mom
It's okay. It's okay.
Dear dad, what do you do?
Mom, you can't let him go like this anymore
Look what he has become now
If you get used to him again
He knew I was in the wrong place.
inspire
You really think of yourself as my brother
You are just a wild one picked up by our family
The child is best left to arch himself
Today is the day of my engagement party
So ugly
middle army
How did that happen?
I also called the security guard up. It's alright
Two poor relatives came to make trouble
I'll kick them out right now
Don't mind
Keep drinking
Please take the street
Hmph, you are developed now
Think we are poor relatives
I think you forgot that you would quit school for fighting back then
Poor relatives in your mouth
The mother who gave birth to you and raised you knelt down to the leader
Ask for a chance to go to school for you
If you limit the height, you will be beaten again.
I came to pay you back by moving bricks and working part-time.
Yo, what's the matter, Director Qin?
I didn't expect there to be such a dark history
Please put
Stop this moral kidnapping me
You did all this voluntarily, didn't you?
Did I make you do that?
Did I ask you to do that?
Besides, you are just being killed by your own father
Wild child lost by mother
Over the years, you have eaten my house and used my house
Pay me back
Shouldn't that be?
Relative, he is your brother
How can you talk like that?
Brother, he also deserves it.
You look like that dead old man
What's wrong with your brain?
We haven't married this yet.
What you see is more important than your baby
What are you doing
Do it!
See who dares